watching whoa the northern one now
it's helping it your little lower
there's some rotation in there see it
yep
yeah we may want to go north clarendon
you really need to get the warm air
streaming in from the south is that
beautiful peaceful in here to ya thinks
going nuts that's a bitch it's all you
can step in
is there anything on the other side of
that rest area
my recycle in one of these front areas
here that might be trying sorry there's
right to left on the north side of it
yeah okay it's the cluding entirely see
the info family this looks really really
good alright we gotta go north so you
see the RFD just looping around like
that great a punch into it it's really
trying
it was shuttered you recommend to be
honest